Documentation~/Installing.md, before:

# Installing Barracuda

You can get Barracuda from: 
* Unity Package Manager
* GitHub

## Unity Package Manager

In the Unity Editor, open the [Package Manager window](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/upm-ui.html), select Barracuda and install it:

![Install packages](images/InstallPackages.png)


If you want a more recent (un-verified) version, enable `preview` packages:

![Install preview packages](images/InstallPreviewPackages.png)


## GitHub

If you want to edit source code or pull from a specific branch, it's best to clone the repository. There are two ways to do this:

* Edit your Unity project's `Packages/manifest.json` and add the following dependency to the Barracuda GitHub repo: 
```json
	"com.unity.barracuda" : "https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/barracuda-release.git[#<revision>]"
```
* If you have downloaded the repository, manually connect to it via the `Unity Package Manager`. To do this, open the Package Manager, select the **Add(+)** button, and select **Add package from disk**.

![Install packages locally](images/InstallPackagesLocally.png)

This is the `manifest.json` equivalence:

```json
"com.unity.barracuda": "file:<PATH_TO_BARRACUDA_FOLDER>/UnityProject/Assets/Barracuda"
```

## Resources

For more information, see the [Git URLS](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/upm-git.html) documentation.

Commit message:

Update documentation: fix images, clarify package manager

Documentation~/Installing.md, after:

# Installing Barracuda

You can get Barracuda from: 
* Unity Package Manager
* GitHub

## Unity Package Manager

Installation via the package manager is only supported on Unity versions before 2020.3. For versions after 2020.3, use the GitHub method.

In the Unity Editor, open the [Package Manager window](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/upm-ui.html), select Barracuda and install it:

![Install packages](images/InstallPackages.png)


If you want a more recent (un-verified) version, enable `preview` packages:

![Install preview packages](images/InstallPreviewPackages.png)


## GitHub

If you want to edit source code or pull from a specific branch, it's best to clone the repository. There are two ways to do this:

* Edit your Unity project's `Packages/manifest.json` and add the following dependency to the Barracuda GitHub repo: 
```json
	"com.unity.barracuda" : "https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/barracuda-release.git[#<revision>]"
```
* If you have downloaded the repository, manually connect to it via the `Unity Package Manager`. To do this, open the Package Manager, select the **Add(+)** button, and select **Add package from disk**.

![Install packages locally](images/InstallPackagesLocally.png)

This is the `manifest.json` equivalence:

```json
"com.unity.barracuda": "file:<PATH_TO_BARRACUDA_FOLDER>/UnityProject/Assets/Barracuda"
```

## Resources

For more information, see the [Git URLS](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/upm-git.html) documentation.
